fix: Cache predictive retries and better docs (#171)
differentialhq/differential: docs/advanced/predictive-retries.md

Status: **Technical Preview**

!!!

> This feature is at the Technical Preview stage. Due to the nature of probabilistic outcomes, this feature may result in non-deterministic behavior. It's by default opt-in.

Author: ```suggestion
This feature is at the Technical Preview stage. Due to the nature of probabilistic outcomes, this feature may result in non-deterministic behaviour. It's opt-in and switched off by default.
```
